{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf100
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red66\green1\blue120;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c33333\c10196\c54510;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa232\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Problem\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl220\sa200\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs20 \cf2 Alice is trying to prevent dangerous black holes from threatening Earth. Right now, there are three black holes that are different points in 3-D space. Alice will create exactly three containment spheres, and all three must have the same radius. Spheres do not interfere with each other, so they may overlap.\
Alice must place these spheres so that each black hole is covered by at least one sphere. Moreover, to ensure stability, the total set of points covered by at least one sphere must form a single connected area.\
Alice wants to solve this critical problem as inexpensively as possible. What is the minimum radius that she can use?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa286\partightenfactor0

\fs28\fsmilli14300 \cf2 Input\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl220\sa200\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf2 The input starts with one line with one integer\'a0
\b T
\b0 : the number of test cases.\'a0
\b T
\b0 \'a0test cases follow. Each test case consists of three lines. The i-th of those lines consists of three integers\'a0
\b X
\fs18 \sub i
\b0\fs20 \nosupersub ,\'a0
\b Y
\fs18 \sub i
\b0\fs20 \nosupersub , and\'a0
\b Z
\fs18 \sub i
\b0\fs20 \nosupersub , representing the 3-D coordinates of the i-th black hole.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa286\partightenfactor0

\fs28\fsmilli14300 \cf2 Output\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl220\sa200\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf2 For each test case, output one line\'a0
\f1\fs26 Case #x: y
\f0\fs20 , where\'a0
\f1\fs26 x
\f0\fs20 \'a0is the test case number (starting from 1) and\'a0
\f1\fs26 y
\f0\fs20 \'a0is a rational representing the minimum radius that Alice can use to solve the problem.\'a0
\f1\fs26 y
\f0\fs20 \'a0will be considered correct if it is within an absolute or relative error of 10
\fs18 \super -6
\fs20 \nosupersub \'a0of the correct answer. See the\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://code.google.com/codejam/resources/faq#real-number-behavior"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 FAQ}}\'a0for an explanation of what that means, and what formats of real numbers we accept.}